forwardCollision1, 137
forwardCollision2, 89
backCollision1, 172
backCollision2, 201
lightSensor1, 322
lightSensor2, 768
lightSensor3, 452
lightSensor4, 199
cruiseControlButtonPressed, False
accelerometer, 121
breakStatus, 3
gasPedal, 2
interiorThermometer, 22
exteriorThermometer, 48
desiredThermometer, 68
autoTemperatureStatus, False
rainSensor, 1
wiperStatus, 0
autoWiperStatus, False
trafficCamera, green
autoTrafficDetection, False
driverSteering, True
steeringWheelStatus, -180
roadAngleCamera1, -36
roadAngleCamera2, 63
emergencyVehicleCamera1, False
emergencyVehicleCamera2, False
doorLockButtonPressed1, False
doorLockButtonPressed2, False
doorLockButtonPressed3, False
doorLockButtonPressed4, False
forwardCollision1, 16
forwardCollision2, 234
backCollision1, 95
backCollision2, 53
lightSensor1, 910
lightSensor2, 602
lightSensor3, 315
lightSensor4, 874
cruiseControlButtonPressed, True
accelerometer, 178
breakStatus, 1
gasPedal, 5
interiorThermometer, 35
exteriorThermometer, 83
desiredThermometer, 72
autoTemperatureStatus, True
rainSensor, 2
wiperStatus, 2
autoWiperStatus, True
trafficCamera, yellow
autoTrafficDetection, True
driverSteering, False
steeringWheelStatus, 270
roadAngleCamera1, 45
roadAngleCamera2, -54
emergencyVehicleCamera1, True
emergencyVehicleCamera2, True
doorLockButtonPressed1, True
doorLockButtonPressed2, False
doorLockButtonPressed3, True
doorLockButtonPressed4, True
forwardCollision1, 219
forwardCollision2, 24
backCollision1, 45
backCollision2, 149
lightSensor1, 121
lightSensor2, 398
lightSensor3, 790
lightSensor4, 582
cruiseControlButtonPressed, False
accelerometer, 46
breakStatus, 4
gasPedal, 3
interiorThermometer, 55
exteriorThermometer, -2
desiredThermometer, 62
autoTemperatureStatus, False
rainSensor, 0
wiperStatus, 1
autoWiperStatus, False
trafficCamera, red
autoTrafficDetection, False
driverSteering, True
steeringWheelStatus, 90
roadAngleCamera1, 20
roadAngleCamera2, 5
emergencyVehicleCamera1, False
emergencyVehicleCamera2, True
doorLockButtonPressed1, False
doorLockButtonPressed2, True
doorLockButtonPressed3, False
doorLockButtonPressed4, False
forwardCollision1, 205
forwardCollision2, 110
backCollision1, 38
backCollision2, 180
lightSensor1, 738
lightSensor2, 433
lightSensor3, 867
lightSensor4, 109
cruiseControlButtonPressed, False
accelerometer, 96
breakStatus, 0
gasPedal, 1
interiorThermometer, 44
exteriorThermometer, 29
desiredThermometer, 75
autoTemperatureStatus, True
rainSensor, 1
wiperStatus, 0
autoWiperStatus, True
trafficCamera, green
autoTrafficDetection, True
driverSteering, False
steeringWheelStatus, -45
roadAngleCamera1, -10
roadAngleCamera2, 47
emergencyVehicleCamera1, True
emergencyVehicleCamera2, False
doorLockButtonPressed1, True
doorLockButtonPressed2, True
doorLockButtonPressed3, False
doorLockButtonPressed4, False
forwardCollision1, 62
forwardCollision2, 218
backCollision1, 76
backCollision2, 235
lightSensor1, 292
lightSensor2, 97
lightSensor3, 951
lightSensor4, 512
cruiseControlButtonPressed, True
accelerometer, 150
breakStatus, 5
gasPedal, 0
interiorThermometer, 30
exteriorThermometer, 60
desiredThermometer, 80
autoTemperatureStatus, False
rainSensor, 3
wiperStatus, 3
autoWiperStatus, False
trafficCamera, yellow
autoTrafficDetection, False
driverSteering, True
steeringWheelStatus, 180
roadAngleCamera1, 85
roadAngleCamera2, -73
emergencyVehicleCamera1, False
emergencyVehicleCamera2, True
doorLockButtonPressed1, False
doorLockButtonPressed2, False
doorLockButtonPressed3, True
doorLockButtonPressed4, True
forwardCollision1, 48
forwardCollision2, 175
backCollision1, 152
backCollision2, 21
lightSensor1, 804
lightSensor2, 609
lightSensor3, 239
lightSensor4, 657
cruiseControlButtonPressed, False
accelerometer, 189
breakStatus, 2
gasPedal, 4
interiorThermometer, 78
exteriorThermometer, 15
desiredThermometer, 65
autoTemperatureStatus, True
rainSensor, 0
wiperStatus, 1
autoWiperStatus, True
trafficCamera, red
autoTrafficDetection, True
driverSteering, False
steeringWheelStatus, -270
roadAngleCamera1, -50
roadAngleCamera2, 12
emergencyVehicleCamera1, True
emergencyVehicleCamera2, False
doorLockButtonPressed1, True
doorLockButtonPressed2, True
doorLockButtonPressed3, True
doorLockButtonPressed4, False
forwardCollision1, 130
forwardCollision2, 71
backCollision1, 203
backCollision2, 93
lightSensor1, 350
lightSensor2, 992
lightSensor3, 508
lightSensor4, 722
cruiseControlButtonPressed, True
accelerometer, 34
breakStatus, 1
gasPedal, 3
interiorThermometer, 40
exteriorThermometer, 92
desiredThermometer, 61
autoTemperatureStatus, False
rainSensor, 2
wiperStatus, 2
autoWiperStatus, False
trafficCamera, green
autoTrafficDetection, False
driverSteering, True
steeringWheelStatus, -135
roadAngleCamera1, 65
roadAngleCamera2, -88
emergencyVehicleCamera1, False
emergencyVehicleCamera2, True
doorLockButtonPressed1, False
doorLockButtonPressed2, False
doorLockButtonPressed3, False
doorLockButtonPressed4, True
forwardCollision1, 244
forwardCollision2, 155
backCollision1, 88
backCollision2, 65
lightSensor1, 141
lightSensor2, 258
lightSensor3, 894
lightSensor4, 301
cruiseControlButtonPressed, False
accelerometer, 111
breakStatus, 4
gasPedal, 5
interiorThermometer, 67
exteriorThermometer, -5
desiredThermometer, 74
autoTemperatureStatus, True
rainSensor, 1
wiperStatus, 0
autoWiperStatus, True
trafficCamera, yellow
autoTrafficDetection, True
driverSteering, False
steeringWheelStatus, 315
roadAngleCamera1, 0
roadAngleCamera2, 30
emergencyVehicleCamera1, True
emergencyVehicleCamera2, False
doorLockButtonPressed1, True
doorLockButtonPressed2, True
doorLockButtonPressed3, False
doorLockButtonPressed4, False
forwardCollision1, 99
forwardCollision2, 220
backCollision1, 190
backCollision2, 245
lightSensor1, 675
lightSensor2, 831
lightSensor3, 412
lightSensor4, 955
cruiseControlButtonPressed, True
accelerometer, 159
breakStatus, 3
gasPedal, 2
interiorThermometer, 84
exteriorThermometer, 70
desiredThermometer, 77
autoTemperatureStatus, False
rainSensor, 3
wiperStatus, 1
autoWiperStatus, False
trafficCamera, red
autoTrafficDetection, False
driverSteering, True
steeringWheelStatus, 45
roadAngleCamera1, 75
roadAngleCamera2, -60
emergencyVehicleCamera1, False
emergencyVehicleCamera2, True
doorLockButtonPressed1, False
doorLockButtonPressed2, False
doorLockButtonPressed3, True
doorLockButtonPressed4, True
forwardCollision1, 183
forwardCollision2, 144
backCollision1, 118
backCollision2, 39
lightSensor1, 456
lightSensor2, 789
lightSensor3, 628
lightSensor4, 215
cruiseControlButtonPressed, False
accelerometer, 67
breakStatus, 5
gasPedal, 1
interiorThermometer, 32
exteriorThermometer, 54
desiredThermometer, 81
autoTemperatureStatus, True
rainSensor, 0
wiperStatus, 3
autoWiperStatus, True
trafficCamera, green
autoTrafficDetection, True
driverSteering, False
steeringWheelStatus, -225
roadAngleCamera1, -15
roadAngleCamera2, 80
emergencyVehicleCamera1, True
emergencyVehicleCamera2, False
doorLockButtonPressed1, True
doorLockButtonPressed2, True
doorLockButtonPressed3, True
doorLockButtonPressed4, False